Fixed grammatical errors in _HOW-TO-BUILD-AND-DEBUG-APPS.md (#1714)
unoplatform/uno: build/_HOW-TO-BUILD-AND-DEBUG-APPS.md

To do this, you need to recompile your app using a _debug_ version of Uno­
(or a _Release_ version if you prefer).

> Instead of tweaking your app solution to reference your custom Uno

> > output (because there're many steps to follow and you will have to avoid committing this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> output (because there are many steps to follow and you will have to avoid committing this
```

1. Create a file named `nuget_version_override.txt` and in the solution folder
  (where `Uno.UI.sln` is) and put the version number in it - **on the first line and nothing
  else is the file**.

> 1. Build the project for the platform you need (or build all the solutions to get all of them).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Build the project for the platform you need (or build all the solution to get all of them).
```
There's only one solution here.
